chore: added explanation and URL how to reach devUI in development mode/profile  (CP.1.1) (#130)
vaadin/quarkus: README.md

To try it out, you can get a project https://github.com/vaadin/base-starter-flow-quarkus/

The first stable version of the extension 1.0 is targeting Vaadin 22.

## devUI URL

> After executing the quarkus project with dev profile:  `mvn quarkus:dev`
> 
> The devUI can be reached (with not overriten configuration) in this URL: `http://localhost:8080/q/dev/`

Reviewer: I would make this a single sentence
```suggestion
After executing the quarkus project with dev profile `mvn quarkus:dev`, the devUI can be accessed (with not overwritten configuration) at URL: `http://localhost:8080/q/dev/`
```

Author: Thanks, fixed.
